Maintenance Windows (#383)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/reference/pages/schedule/maintenance-windows.adoc

[[schedule-maint-windows]]
= Maintenance Windows

The menu:Schedule[Maintenance Windows] section allows you to manage your maintenance window schedules.

> To create a maintenance window, you need to have an existing [path]``.ical`` file that contains the calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a maintenance calendar, you need to have an existing [path]``.ical`` file that contains the calendar.
```

Reviewer: There are 2 methods of creating a *Calendar*: one is (as you have described) by uploading the iCalendar file. The other is by providing a link (`http`, `https`) and SUMA will download the iCalendar data from it.

> Create a new schedule, and provide a link to the calendar file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new schedule, and select the calendar.
```
When creating a *Schedule*, user just selects the *Calendar* that they created above, they don't provide links anymore.
